# Love & Life — <i>"How can I pull someone else up when I can’t even hold myself up?"</i>
### 07.04.2022
<br>

##### SCENE I.
You kept reading? I’m honored. You must love me. But what is love?

<blockquote cite="https://www.verywellmind.com/what-is-love-2795343">
Love is a set of emotions and behaviors characterized by intimacy, passion, and commitment. It involves care, closeness, protectiveness, attraction, affection, and trust. Love can vary in intensity and can change over time. It is associated with a range of positive emotions, including happiness, excitement, life satisfaction, and euphoria, but it can also result in negative emotions such as jealousy and stress.
</blockquote>
<div class="citeDiv">
<p style="font-size=10px">— Per <a href="https://www.verywellmind.com/what-is-love-2795343">verywellmind.com</a></p>
</div>
<br>


So, I don’t know about you, but after that why was I thinking, and caught on the thought that “Is loving someone bad?”.

I thought about it for a moment and drifted from that thought. I thought about times where love is nothing but love. I feel like sometimes we don’t have enough control over our brain enough to feel these moments within every moment. Maybe sometimes we feel like those moments are further apart. Maybe it’s just harder to feel good, when nothing is making you feel good. Maybe…



	Wait.
 
	Wait?
 
	Yeah, the two parts of my brain are arguing.
 
	Well, let them calm down and get back to us.

 
	
 
Love can put you at a disadvantage. Love can you make you feel emotional/psychological pain like nothing else, truly. 

I love <i>this</i>, so I hurt for <i>this</i>. 

I love <i>you</i>, so I feel like I need <i>you</i>.

I love <i>you</i>, so I choose <i>you</i> over <i>me</i>.

I don’t understand love, I really don’t. I pride myself on having deep understandings of how things work, how things connect, and my ability to appreciate the beauty of it. Still, I’m trumped on love. I see my sister is unhappy inside, deeply, in a way that can’t even be chalked up to “unhappy”. Inside she is lost. Her brain is lost. She can’t make the connections she needs to put everything together for herself, to lift herself up, to hold herself up. As I watch her go through this period of her life where she’s spinning too much in the darkness to freeze and walk toward the light. The more I talk to her about her feelings and the darkness she has inside, the more I feel scared for her, but at the same time, the more I can see that hope isn’t lost for her. She hates to hear this, but she endlessly reminds me of myself when I was younger.



##### SCENE II.

At times I find myself in sad, dark, and self-centered states of mind. Not like the ones when I was younger. I’ll have an entry for that, though, if you were interested in reading it. The kinds of things I tell myself now, they help me. I’ve realized, also, that somehow, with some kind of mathematical law of attraction - law of connection - law of “everything affects everything”, that helping myself isn’t just helping myself. I’ve been a terrible friend, I’ve been a terrible daughter, I’ve been a bad partner, and with every time I couldn’t be something someone else needed me to be for them, I also wasn’t able to be myself for myself. We hear all the time “put yourself first”, and while there’s a fine line for how that definition applies, I still believe it applies more than we give it credit for. How will I ever teach my future child how to climb when I’ve never known how to myself? How can I pull someone else up when I can’t even hold myself up?



##### SCENE III.

I witness the love my mom has for my youngest sister tear her apart. It seems as if almost, as my sister spins in darkness and my mom tries to grab ahold of her, rather than getting her to stop spinning, she gets stuck and starts spinning herself. The more they both spin, the more they get dizzy, the more they realize they’re spinning, the more they focus on it, and soon all they know is that they’re spinning, and maybe they feel like it’s the only motion there is. 

Escaping depression isn’t simple and I’m the last person that will ever say it is. Everything is in our head and our head is over 100 trillion neuron connections. A key word, though, is “our”. It is our brain. I honestly don’t know if it’d be considered more of a conscious or unconscious effort that you have to put in to re-wire your own brain. I think, like with most things, it isn’t a simple or overnight process. It’s very slow and tedious. Perhaps re-wire one thing, then another, then another, and soon, maybe you find these wires are learning the way they’re supposed to connect.



##### SCENE IV.

I’m learning a lot. I’m forgetting a lot. I’m disconnecting and reconnecting. I’m losing and I’m gaining. Everything happens so quick, and yet, maybe at the same time so slow. Sometimes I lose track of the path I’m on and find myself lost. I’ve recently discovered this about myself. I need to feel like I see a pathway to continue forward. If I derail, if I feel lost, I don’t continue moving forward. I keep turning around and around, panicking, looking for my path. I think I forget it’s important to keep moving. I’m never going to find a path stuck in the same spot. Even if my path is lost, if I keep moving, I’ll find a path, I’ll adapt, and I’ll build a path of my own.

Sometimes, I’m scared that if I move forward too far, I’ll lose the things I had before. They’ll no longer be within reach. I don’t give enough credit to my paths, to me. These paths are all in my mind. If I reach behind me, I can grab anything. Nothing is lost forever. It isn’t impossible to hold onto something and move forward, even if that something isn’t moving with me.